# Parser and code analysis implementation

This is a test task for internship, consisting of parser of the language with given grammar and code analyser to find unused imports. It is written in Java, contains some tests

## Tasks

### 1. Parser

Parser generator JavaCC was used to implement parser. 

File Parser.jj contains description of the grammar. After constructing this file, JavaCC can be invoked on it. It generates seven Java classes, they are used for parser work and do not need to be changed.

Also file Parser.jj contains parts of Java code, that create a syntax tree of the code. 

Result of the parser work is an object of Program class - it has method execute(), that runs the code.

### 2. Unused assignments analysis

Class Program has method findUnusedAssignments() - it returns list of unused assignments in parsed code (code does not need to be executed to do an analysis).

Also every statement has method unusedAssignmentsAnalysis() - returns information about this statement's unused assignments and used variables.

## Classes short description

### parser package

* <strong> Parser </strong> - parser, generated by JavaCC.
* <strong> TokenMgrError </strong> - simple error class, generated by JavaCC.
* <strong> ParserException </strong> - another error class, generated by JavaCC.
* <strong> Token </strong> - class representing tokens, generated by JavaCC.
* <strong> ParserTokenManager </strong> - lexical analyser, generated by JavaCC.
* <strong> SimpleCharStream </strong> -  an adapter class that delivers characters to lexical analyser, generated by JavaCC.
* <strong> AdderConstants </strong> - an interface that defines number of classes used in lexical analyser and parser, generated by JavaCC.
* <strong> Main </strong> - main class

#### syntaxtree package

* <strong> Program </strong> - parsed program class, root of the syntax tree. 
* <strong> UnusedAssignmentsAnalysis </strong> - record for information about un

##### statements package

* <strong> Statement </strong> - abstract class for statements
* <strong> AssignStatement </strong> - assign statement class
* <strong> IfStatement </strong> - if statement class
* <strong> WhileStatement </strong> - while statement class

##### expressions package

* <strong> Expression </strong> - abstract class for expressions
* <strong> ConstantExpression </strong> - constant expression class
* <strong> VariableExpression </strong> - variable expressions class
* <strong> package operators </strong> - classes for all operators expressions
